Why are you jumping rope here?
Why? You want me to jump on your roof?
Is a dog in your mouth lonely? You seem to let him out all the time.
I'm afraid that yours would be lonely so I let mine out to play with yours.
When'll you be done?
Next week.
Listen, if you want to exercise,
you can, there's plenty of space.
I want to exercise alone. Don't wanna share same air with anyone.
Why don't you exercise in graveyard then?
Nobody breathes there.
Well you're welcomed there!
What funny?
Your butts are sticking out too high. Are you trying to plank or finding something to eat?
Such a show off, you wanna compete planking with me?
Loser won't be able to use this area for work out for a week.
Deal.
After you.
I'll share you half of my mat.
So you won't complain about it when you lost.
I'm sharing half of my mat with you. Step back.
Fine.
Like this?
This is too close, step back a little more.
Half of it? / That's right.
Okay / Step back. 50/50
The government promotes 50/50 plan. Don't you know about it?
50/50 like this?
Are you simply dumb or completely stupid?
Fine. I'm not teasing you anymore.
Ready? / Ready.
Let's do it / Come on.
You're turning green now. Are you giving up?
Nope.
Fine.
Please go back into your house. I don't want to share air with anyone.
Why so moody?
Hey! Gam called and she said that she's free this evening.
Do you want to have dinner with her?
I told you that I'm busy. Stop pushing me.
If you want her that bad, why don't you make her your girlfriend?
If dating men didn't work, maybe dating girls could work.
Are you alright?
I'm fine. When he's moody, he's always acting like this.
I've never seen a mad chihuahua before.
You seem to care about my feeling? Do you have any feeling for me?
I shouldn't have asked it.
Hello, Pim, Bank, Tangmo.
Hello.
What did you do? Why did you look so much in pain?
I was in an exercise competition with a dog.
Now I know what 'dog' you are talking about.
It's you, right?
That's right. I walked by his house yesterday, so he invited me to exercise with him.
I want to know how you ended up in work out competition with Mr. Darling.
He took my work out spot so I challenged him with planking.
You lost. And now you called him a dog?
That's right. I can answer that for him. Before if he won, he would have walked in here all like.
Hey, I competed planking with Rak and I won. Woohoo!
It would be like this, wouldn't it?
Yes.
Do it one more time. You're good.
Did you just cut your fur?
That's right. My owner said that it was too long. So I was just groomed.
I'm a human not a dog!
Hello, everybody.
Hello / Hello
Good morning. You're late.
Don't tell me that you're late because you got lost in my heart.
I'm sorry. Let's get the meeting started. Stop playing.
I called everyone for a meeting today
Because I want your opinion on URFOOD application.
Do you think we should add anything?
I think Tangmo's food photos are too bland.
The foods didn't look that yummy.
Tangmo, please add more colors into these.
Got it.
I want food vendors' logo to be bigger.
If the logo is bigger, then it'd be catchier than our logo.
It'd take up more space in the first page of the app.
Viewer's number would be decreased.
But I already talked with vendors to make their logo larger.
If you want to see larger logo,
then the vendors should invest in their own app.
They shouldn't invest with URFOOD.
Don't be so sarcastic.
I'm not sarcastic. It's the truth.
If they want larger logo,
then they should make their own application.
When you talk to the vendors, you need to act on behalf of the company, not for the vendors.
Diao.
I was stating the truth.
What do you want me for?
I think you need to watch your tone.
I saw your conversation with Dao yesterday.
What did I say?
You suggested Dao to date a girl if dating a guy didn't work for her.
Good thing that Dao didn't take it seriously.
She didn't take it seriously, so it's not your business.
I just want to warn your tone and language.
Wait. You said that home stuff should be discussed at home.
This is workplace.
Fine.
I think your tone with Bank in the meeting room
was too harsh.
What harsh? I told you that I just said the truth.
It's good that you said the truth but your word shouldn't hurt anyone.
He didn't take it seriously either. This is all about work.
He may not take it seriously, but if he takes it seriously one day,
what do you think he would feel?
How could I know? I'm not his emotional receiver.
That's all? Excuse me, I have work to do.
Because my boss asked me to revise many things on the app.
He's too stubborn.
I should carry something to discipline him next time.
Excuse me/ Welcome.
I'm gonna nominate you to join UR Wish Boy contest.
So you could win three consecutive years.
Can I nominate one more person?
Who?
Diao! Did you see that?
Someone nominated you to join UR Wish Boy contest.
Don't be confused. UR Wish Boy is a company's activity
All employees will vote who's gonna win a popular vote.
What? I'm popular here?
Not yet. You've just got nominated.
Then it's gonna be decided how many people have voted for you.
Your competitor is tough. He was a 2-time winner
and he is
my boyfriend.
Your boyfriend is popular among showgirls.
I'm not talking about my real boyfriend. I'm talking about the imaginary one.
Don't say that it was Rak.
That's right/ Yep.
A smart mouth like him won two years in a row?
Are you talking about me again?
I wasn't talking about you. I was just admiring you that
a smart mouth like you won two years.
Were you bribing the judges ?
You won for two years because I wasn't there to compete with you.
But I'm gonna win UR Wish Boy this year for sure.
If you're afraid to lose, you can always withdraw.
Kanomthai / Yeah?
Please gather feedbacks from our latest ad that we just launched
I want to know what people said about it.
Got it.
Thank you.
Don't forget to book a doctor's appointment. In case you didn't win, and you needed the doctor to stitch up your face.
What's wrong with you? You want to use the bathroom?
I'm furious.
I was just bluffing earlier. But after he challenged me like that,
I'm gonna win UR Wish Boy and steal the prize from him. Just you wait.
I think you're making a mistake by challenging Rak in UR Wish Boy contest.
I'm not scared. I know everyone in the office.
And I'm sure that they don't hate me.
Right. They don't hate you. But everyone loves Rak.
A smart mouth with unfriendly face like him? What's to like?
I don't know about people in your office but we love him here because he's super kind.
That's right.
Wait, what did he do?
Lisa was having stomachache the other day so I cleaned up all by myself.
He saw that so he helped me.
If I was there, I would have helped you too.
But he called a taxi for me
and took me to the hospital.
That's right.
Listen. He's not only kind to people he knows,
but he's also kind to a stranger. There was an elderly about to cross a road,
he went there and helped him.
People carrying lots of stuff and he went there to help them.
A dog was about to cross the road. He even protected him from cars.
Diao would have crossed the road to bite that dog.
Like this is my road. Move!
I'm not a dog.
Let me tell you something. Rak is not a kind person.
He is super nosy.
I call this type of person a good person.
That's right. Hey, you!
Talking to him!
Your heart is cold. You don't understand anything about being a good person.
That's right. I don't get it. You all need to pay for your foods. I'm not buying anymore.
This movie looks so good. Do you want to watch it with me?
It looks good.
Dao.
Do you want to watch this film with me?
You invite me to a movie? Can you pay for my ticket?
I can ask Rak for it.
Go back to study.
Please love me. Love me, only me.
Hello / Hello
Hello.
You're such a good sister. You know that I'm hungry.
Can you pass me a fork?
You can get it yourself. And you can fix yourself a plate.
Because this one is not for you.
Whose plate is this then?
You called me here? What's up?
Here's spaghetti.
To thank you for helping me change light bulb the other day.
Thank you
You're welcome.
You want this dish? I can get a new one.
I'm not hungry.
Chapter 6 : Love Note. After Ryo and Ryu start to live together in this pink fenced house.
They continue to develop good feeling towards one another in every minute of every day.
Yum
You don't have to feed me. I can eat it by myself.
I'm gonna take care of you.
If you don't want to take a shower by yourself. Just tell me, I can give you a bath.
Yum.
Please. I can feed myself.
Don't be too stubborn.
Yum.
Thank you.
No problem.
He didn't get the real taste of spaghetti
because he could only taste the sweetness from Ryo's love.
You write this story and you still get blushed?
It's not that surprise. It's so wholesome. I ruined my pillows reading it too.
It's not just a pillow that she ruined. She ruined my t-shirts too.
Honey!
It would be better if Rak and Diao lived their lives like in your fiction.
Don't say it out loud! Or they'd know that this story is based on their lives.
They could be mad at me.
Okay.
Hey, my friend. You're changing your mind and buying us dinner?
Can I have stir-fried beef with basil? Cook with one cow!
One cow?
Fine. I can buy you dinner. But you two need to help me tomorrow.
What is it?
Help me to get everyone to vote for me.
I don't want to lose to him.
We really want to help you but we don't think we can.
Everyone in the office loves Rak. Like really love him.
Why's that?
You can ask everyone in the office.
Tangmo / Yeah?
I want to ask you something / What's up?
Why did you vote Rak to be UR Wish Boy?
Because he's kind. There's one thing that he really touched my heart.
There was a heavy rain one day and my tires blew up.
Rak stood in the rain with me and helped me change my tires.
Boosting up his good image.
Boosting up what?
You're painting a good image.
Tangmo / Yeah?
Do you have anything with him?
I was just greeting him.
That's not true. He just asked me why I voted for you.
Tangmo!
That's my name.
Hi mom? Yep, I paid for utility bill already.
What? Rak gave blood to Kaew's mom?
That's right. If my mom didn't get blood from him, I didn't even want to imagine it.
I couldn't compete with that. I'm scared of needles.
What else did he do for you?
When there's a tough time, he would…
Kaew, a courier will come to get the document, please give it to him.
Okay / Thank you.
Did you come here to ask Kaew why she voted for me?
Nope.
That's not true. You just asked me about this earlier.
People here didn't lie at all?
Hi dad? Mom just called earlier.
Is he a Superman? He helps everyone.
I asked everyone in the office and he helped everyone.
I told you. That's why he won popular vote for two consecutive years.
But there's one thing that he doesn't help me.
What's that?
He won't agree to be my boyfriend.
He doesn't want to be your boyfriend because he's afraid of you.
Dao.
Listen to me my dear brother. Don't compete with him.
It seems like everyone in the office loves him so much.
I don't think you can't beat him for sure.
That's right / Right.
We love you but you need to listen to Dao.
You can't compete with him. You'd lose for sure.
Yep / Yep
I can finally think of something. When he is loved by everyone and I can't win for sure.
Then I'm gonna do anything to have him withdrawn from the competition.
What?
Wait and see.
I see, he said to wait for his dad.
If I won UR Wish Boy,
you'd have to sign for my probation to pass early.
But if I lost, I'd resign.
He's speechless? I'm dead serious like this, he'd withdraw for sure.
Fine. Deal.
What did you just say?
I just accepted your challenge.
If you won, I'd sign for your probation to pass.
But if you lost, then you'd resign.
Damn it.
I'm in big trouble.
What is it?
I challenged Rak earlier and he accepted it.
What's your challenge?
I challenged him that if I won, he'd sign for my probation to pass.
But if I lost, I'd resign.
What?
What were you thinking?
He takes this job seriously. I thought that if I used it against him,
he'd see that this was nonsense, and he'd withdraw.
But he didn't and he accepted the challenge.
This is pure stupidity.
I know that. Please help me.
I think you have two options. One, you should Google for new job already.
And two, you should crawl back to him and apologize.
That's right. And you need to cancel the challenge.
And you need to swallow your pride
because I can't pay for the rent by myself if you resign.
I don't need to. I can just threaten him to cancel it or I'd kick him out of the house.
He'd agree.
Where is your common sense?
Or you just weren’t born with it?
You don't have to threaten him or anything. You can just apologize to him.
He's mature enough. He won't be mad at you.
That's right. You can just say that you're sorry and you're only good at barking.
You look straight right into his face and you do this.
That's just too much. He wouldn't dare to do it.
Listen to me. You don't have to do what she said.
You can just lick his legs. That's be enough.
Stop joking around. I'd be in trouble with the rent.
Listen to me. You need to apologize to Rak. Now.
Fine.
Can you all come with me? / Sure.
Nope. You challenged him all by yourself,
so you need to apologize to him by yourself too.
I can't lose my cool act.
Dao asked me to give you fruits.
Are you sure that Dao asked you to?
I'm sure of it. Why would I be the one giving you these?
Because you like me.
That's the opposite. I dislike you very much.
Thank you for giving me this.
No problem.
I told you that Dao asked me to give it to you.
Fine. Thanks her for me.
Wait.
People who dislike each other won't hold one's arm.
Sorry.
Dao is so kind to you. Don't you feel bad for her.
If I resign, she needs to pay for the rent by herself.
So you know that you're gonna lose for me.
Nope. I just think that I shouldn't jeopardize my career like that.
If I lost, then Dao'd be in trouble too.
In fact, I don't think I'm gonna lose.
If you're so sure about that, then our challenge shall remain.
What ? That's not good.
It's gonna be a mix of personal stuff and work stuff.
And you don't like that, do you?
We should call it off, right?
Nope, I'm the man of my word.
I accept the challenge and I need to take it.
Hey!
It's not healthy to be this serious.
You can't be a good politician being too serious like this.
Don't change the subject. Our challenge will be the same.
If you lost, you'd resign.
Fine! Our deal will be the same. Give it back to me. You don't deserve this.
Are you sure that you give brownie to everyone?
Yep.
I bribed everyone like you asked.
Don't say that. It didn't sound good.
I just want my co-workers to eat something good.
That's such a coincidence. You handed out sweets on the same day of voting.
It's the day before election.
Is the voting out yet?
Not yet. I keep refreshing and my screen's about to break now.
Is it out yet?
Wow. Guy looks good topless.
Stop paying attention at men for a second?
My future depends on UR Wish Boy's voting score.
It's out now.
What?
Diao.
What is it?
UR Wish Boy's score is out.
I lost. I need to resign.
Calm down. I don't think Rak would take your word seriously.
You're like a little dog, all you do is barking.
You shouldn't be that stupid.
How could we pay for the rent?
I know that what I did was wrong. But what did you want me to do? I already made a deal with him.
I'm sorry. Mom and Dad wanted me to stay with you.
I didn't help you out and I brought you more trouble.
They must be really disappointed in me.
Don't think like that.
It's okay.
We're gonna figure it out together.
Did you ask Rak nicely if he wanted you to resign?
Not yet. When I knew that I lost, I went straight back home.
It's all in your head.
You should ask him again if he really wants you to quit your job.
No need to. He told me that he was the man of his word.
He's gonna let me resign for sure.
What should I do?
Should I threaten him to kick him out?
Maybe he won't fire me.
Hey!
You have to do that?
Well, I lost to you. If I didn't use this method, I'd have to resign.
Can I talk to him for a second?
I need to thank you for not firing him.
He didn't say anything back. Change of plan. I need to find a rich husband.
Come on in.
We can talk outside.
I don't want Dao to hear about it.
You don't have to be nice to me. Just say it.
Do you really think I'm gonna let you resign because of our challenge?
You said that you were the man of your word.
What else should I think? You're gonna give me big bonus?
I think you should think before you speak.
What do you mean?
You like to burst out your idea. Have you heard of word controlling over you?
You should think before you speak.
I know.
You're such a know-it-all. But you've never acted like one.
Fine. I'm wrong. What do you want me to do? Resign?
I've never thought about that.
Why did you accept my challenge?
To give you a lesson. I want to warn you about Dao and Bank.
You didn't listen to me so I needed to use this way.
Did you nominate me for the contest ?
This is called thinking before speaking.
You planned to trick me from the beginning?
The others could understand it easily.
But you need the harsher way.
If you're too stubborn with me, I'm gonna spank you.
I'm not a kid anymore.
Then act like an adult. So I don't need to carry a stick.
Fine. So I don't have to resign?
Yep.
Why're you smiling?
I'm just happy. Even though you're barking like a little dog,
you still worry about your sister and your parents.
Were you eavesdropping?
I need to get an insight information.
You're such a hypocrite.
Wait.
I'm a man of my word. Your punishment is decreased.
But you still need to be punished.
What is that?
What do you want?
Why didn't you talk to me nicely?
What do you want, boss?
Should you cook for me?
Nope. You're so bad at cooking.
Should you wash my clothes?
Nope, you normally asked Dao to do it for you.
Should you mop the floor? Nope, you'd just issue new rule for a revenge.
That's right. Think carefully. I can get back at you.
That's right. You're a big dog in the house but I'm more powerful in the office.
I need to use that as my advantage.
Can you make me a cup of coffee?
Don't add salt or I won't let you pass the probation.
Wait a second, boss.
Here it is.
You're good at making coffee.
What else do you need?
Don't go. Just in case my hands get tired and I want you to feed me.
Please feed me my coffee? My hands are tired.
I change my mind. I'll do it.
Pae.
Why did Dao in Rak's room and wear his shirt?
I need to call you baby.
I'm gonna wash my clothes.
Rit knows about this? What about Diao?
Were you sleeping with Dao?
Please calm down.
Kanom told me everything.
Stop moving, or you'd get hurt.